Some of my comments are basically technicalities:
1. Make sure you pass this through the Turnitin available in your thesis BB page.
2. When you include figures or tables or images in your document, you must also include some sentence in your thesis tat refers to this figure/table/image.
3. You have some grammar issues like “easilly” instead of "easily", or some very long sentences which are not clear. Try to polish it a bit more if you can.
4. Additionally, to the above, you mention RAG pipeline components and motivation across sections which is not needed - try to restrict this.
5. In chapter 2 which is your theoretical background information I expected to see more citations.
	a. In section 2.4.6, who determines the most influential on performances that you use? Is this your own decision or from the literature? Why do you use these and not others?
	b. In section 2.5.1 you I can see the framework you suggest, but the justification is missing - need to use proper citations.
	c. Similarly, the choice of retrieval techniques in 2.3.3 and system components is described effectively but without a clear rationale why including these and not alternative approaches.
6. The scenario-based evaluation framework in Chapter 5 is well designed in terms of diversity and clarity. However, the selection of five evaluation scenarios is not explicitly justified, and it remains unclear whether this number is sufficient to support robust comparative analysis. So please justify this choice. Moreover, while the scenarios cover different query types, their representativeness of real-world workloads is not discussed. Please elaborate more on both of this. You do mention the limitation of 5 scenarios later, but you also need to justify them here.
7. In your thesis you clearly define your research questions and hypotheses. But later in Chapter 6 where you nicely present your results and discuss different observations are discussed, you do not map these/match these to your research questions. I expected something like Questions → Method → Results → Answers but you instead of answers you just make a discussion. This might be because you have submitted this two weeks ago and you might have made changes. In any case I had to comment this, because as is now the readers have to connect everything by themselves. So as a reader I expected to see something like "RQ1 is answered as ..." and also "hypothesis H1 is rejected/confirmed/partially accepted", etc. You mention things in your thesis, the results are there, but the argumentation is incomplete and it does not appear that you have answered them. I think this was your weakest chapter of all.